now we're gonna do choke say shoulder
hold you grab just show somebody lunges
at you dump on this foot ah he to the
throat go on to the groin
come on turn around and kick thinking
that when you walk away
he thinks I'm finished as I walk away
from him
I'm in control I kick him without him
knowing that now we're gonna do this
slow grabs his shoulder check the
shoulder stomp with your heel hit to the
throat side palm go down to the growing
area strike now come up the elbow pop
then from here walk away thinking he
think him thinking I'm finished as I
come over around with an outside of left
Crescent kick boom and then I walk away
this all happens with the matter of
three seconds and self-defense nothing
should last longer than three seconds
you hit they fall you walk away you hit
they fall you walk away okay again one
more time
yeah okay the third one OB it'll be a
one-hand grab I walked he pushes me back
hits it here grab the back of the neck
boom hit to the face I grab the back of
the neck
lower back okay let's do it again well
grab I go down grab place his hand my
hand here it's to the sternum
I grab the back of his shirt or the neck
I kick to the face with my heel boom
let's demonstrate that heel
boom okay as I turn around I wrap his
arm here pull back now I'm gonna kick to
the lower back with a side kick
I'm gonna show up from this position he
grabs check hit grab you sure
let me hit with the face down turn
around wrap his arm around the back pull
and kick okay
now the fourth one
he lunge I check using this he's in the
barrel movement opening him up it's like
opening him with the barrel guy has a
barrel in his arms he's wobbling like
this from this motion here you don't
want his arm to wrap around you like
this then here as a grappler he's got
you you wanted to open up now with my
forearm or my elbow I go to the jaw from
here now I break to the knee with their
lunch it's called a donkey kick pop
break to the knee at the top of the knee
okay it goes faster ha-cha-cha
and that's for a lunging grappler
okay he lunges open them up use your
forearm okay come over the top